DOCS-#3863: Add usage guide to documentation (#3864)
modin-project/modin: docs/usage_guide/index.rst

Usage Guide
===========

> Here you can find tips and usage examples of how you can further optimize the performance of your workload with Modin for both general use cases and for specific operations.

Author: ```suggestion
Here you can find Modin usage examples and tips of how you can further optimize the performance of your workload with Modin both for general use cases and for specific operations.
```

Usage Guide
===========

> Here you can find Modin usage examples and information related to optimizations both for general query pipeline
> and for specific operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can find tips and usage examples of how you can further optimize the performance of your workload with Modin for both general use cases and for specific operations.
```

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 4

    examples/index
    optimization_guide/index

>     advanced_usage/index

Author: 1. I do not see this page in readthedocs.
2. We should add partition API, setting configs to advanced_usage.

Author: https://readthedocs.org/projects/modin/builds/15737371/

Reviewer 2: Added partitioning and configuring API sections to the user guide

Usage Guide
===========

> This guide describes both basic Modin usage and advanced, shows Modin usage examples,
> gives a look at configuration settings to tune Modin behavior, as well as provides tips on
> how you can further optimize the performance of your workload with Modin
> both for general use cases and for specific operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide describes both basic and advanced Modin usage, including usage examples, 
details regarding Modin configuration settings, as well as tips and tricks on 
how you can further optimize the performance of your workload with Modin.
```
